Update root `README.md` and other documentation with latest changes (#1113)
apache/datafusion-ballista: docs/source/user-guide/configs.md

# Configuration

## Ballista Configuration Settings

> Configuring Ballista is like configuring DataFusion. Apart from a few Ballista specific configurations all others are the same like DataFusion.

Reviewer: nit: I think this can be rephrased to be more concise:

```suggestion
Configuring Ballista is quite similar to configuring DataFusion. Most settings are identical, with only a few configurations specific to Ballista.
```

Author: added

> Configuring Ballista is like configuring DataFusion. Apart for a few specific Ballista specific configurations all others are the same like DataFusion.

Reviewer 2: I think it needs to be "Apart *from* a few..." and remove the "specific in front of Ballista. So:

Configuring Ballista is similar to configuring DataFusion. Apart from a few Ballista specific configurations, all other options are the same as DataFusion.
